# Read: Class 03

## Learn HTML

1. When should you use an unordered list in your HTML document?
When listing things in no particular order like bullet points.

2. How do you change the bullet style of unordered list items?
ul {
    list-style-type: square; >>> Other options are avalible.
}

3. When should you use an ordered list vs an unorder list in your HTML document?
When creating a list of related items, in a specific order. Like ingredients or steps.

4. Describe two ways you can change the numbers on list items provided by an ordered list?

> ol {
    list-style-type: upper-roman; >>> Other options are avalible.
}

## Learn CSS

1. Describe the CSS properties of margin and padding as characters in a story. What is their role in a story titled: “The Box Model”?
margin wanted to create space around elements, outside of any defined borders, Howerver, padding wanted to generate space around itself without defining borders. The End.

2. List and describe the four parts of an HTML elements box as referred to by the box model.
Content, Padding, Border and Margin.

## Learn JS

1. What data types can you store inside of an Array?
Numbers, strings, boolean, objects.

2. Is the people array a valid JavaScript array? If so, how can I access the values stored? If not, why?
const people = [['pete', 32, 'librarian', null], ['Smith', 40, 'accountant', 'fishing:hiking:rock_climbing'], ['bill', null, 'artist', null]]; >>>  To access every item in the array. You can do this using the for...of statement.

3. List five shorthand operators for assignment in javascript and describe what they do.

- Assignment >> x = f()
- Addition assignment >> x += f()
- Subtraction assignment >> x -= f()
- Multiplication assignment >> x *= f()
- Division assignment >> x /= f()

4. Read the code below and evaluate the last expression and explain what the result would be and why.
let a = 10;
let b = 'dog';
let c = false;
// evaluate this
(a + c) + b; >>> result will be 10 dog?

5. Describe a real world example of when a conditional statement should be used in a JavaScript program.
Controlling behaviour?

6. Give an example of when a Loop is useful in JavaScript.
if you want to show a message 100 times.
