# Read: Class 05 - Images, Color, Text

## HTML Media

1. What is a real world use case for the alt attribute being used in a website?  
To improve alternative accessibility.

2. How can you improve accessibility of images in an HTML document?  
By adding alt text to your images.

3. Provide an example of when the figure element would be useful in an HTML document.  
When specifying self-contained content, like illustrations, diagrams, photos.

4. Describe the difference between a gif image and an svg image, pretend you are explaining to an elder in your community.  
A GIF is a moving picture but when you make it bigger it goes fuzzy because it is not resolution-independent. SVG on the other hand can be made larger and still look clear.

5. What image type would you use to display a screenshot on your website and why?  
JPG beacuse it is better compressed and loads faster.

## Learn CSS

1. Describe the difference between foreground and background colors of an HTML element, pretend you are talking to someone with no technical knowledge.  
For example a drawing app has a white background color, and you draw on it with foreground colors so when you rub it out the background color stays.

2. Your friend asks you to give his colorless blog website a touch up. How would you use color to give his blog some character?  
I... have no clue.

3. What should you consider when choosing fonts for an HTML document?  
Site loading time

4. What do font-size, font-weight, and font-style do to HTML text elements?  
determain how many pixels big it will be, How bold it is and how it will look.

5. Describe two ways you could add spacing around the characters displayed in an h1 element.  
By using padding, margins and line-height.
