## Read: Class 02

## Continuing Introduction to HTML

1. Why is it important to use semantic elements in our HTML?
   Semantic elements help to determine the importance and context of web pages.

2. How many levels of headings are there in HTML?
   There a six heading levels < h1 > to < h6 >.

3. What are some uses for the < sup > and < sub > elements?
   Both < sup > and < sub > specifies inline text which should be displayed as subscript for solely typographical reasons.

4. When using the < abbr > element, what attribute must be added to provide the full expansion of the term?
   It must contain a full human-readable description or expansion of the abbreviation.

## Learn CSS

1. What are ways we can apply CSS to our HTML?
   You can apply CSS within your HTML file or use < link > to your HTML file with your CSS file.

2. Why should we avoid using inline styles?
   One of the main reasons that inline styling is not a good choice for your application is because it does not support (or it has really poor support) for CSS features.

3. Review the block of code below and answer the following questions:
   1. What is representing the selector?
      h2 is the selector.
   2. Which components are the CSS declarations?
      color: black; and padding: 5px;
   3. Which components are considered properties?
      color and padding

## Learn JS

1. What data type is a sequence of text enclosed in single quote marks?
   string

2. List 4 types of JavaScript operators.

- Assignment operators
- Comparison operators
- Arithmetic operators
- Bitwise operators

3. Describe a real world Problem you could solve with a Function.
   Questionaire?

1. An if statement checks a ** and if it evaluates to \_**, then the code block will execute.
   An if statement checks a boolean an if it evaluates to true, then the code block will execute.

1. What is the use of an else if?
   The else if statement is used to execute both the true part and the false part of a given condition.

1. List 3 different types of comparison operators.
   < (less than), > (greater than), <= (less than or equal), and >= (greater than or equal)

1. What is the difference between the logical operator && and ||?

- && = and
- || = or
