# Read: Class 04

## Learn HTML

1. To create a basic link, we wrap text or other content inside what element?  
We wrap it inside of the < a > element.

2. The href attribute contains what information?  
It contains the url link which switches page.

3. What are some ways we can ensure links on our pages are accessible to all readers?  

- Use clear link wording
- include keywords in your link
- Don't repeat the URL as part of the link text
- Don't say "link" or "links to" in the link text

## CSS Layout

1. What is meant by “normal flow”?  
The way websites lay themselves out if they haven't been changed.

2. What are a few differences between block-level and inline elements?  

- Block elements always start from a new line. Inline elements never start from a new line.
- Block elements cover space from left to right as far as it can go. Inline elements only cover the space as bounded by the tags in the HTML element.

3. ___ positioning is the default for every html element.  
Static positioning is the default for every html element.

4. Name a few advantages to using absolute positioning on an element.  

- very good cross-browser support.
- Less dependence on floats.
- Less dependence on margins.

5. What is a key difference between fixed positioning and absolute positioning?  

- Absolutely positioned elements are positioned with respect to a containing block.
- Elements with fixed positioning are fixed with respect to the viewport.

## Learn JS

1. Describe the difference between a function declaration and a function invocation.  
Declared functions are not executed immediately, Ivoked functions are.

2. What is the difference between a parameter and an argument?  
Parameters are the names listed in the functions definition. Arguments are the real values passed to the function.

## Miscellaneous

1. Pick 2 benefits to pair programming and reflect on how these benefits could help you on your coding journey.  

- More efficent work.
- Higher quality code >> They may see mistakes you have made or have other ways to do it.
