# Class 01

## Getting Started

1. Compose a short poem describing how HTTP sends data between computers.
   No idea how to write a poem :P

2. Describe how HTML, CSS, and JS files are “parsed” in the browser.
   The Parser takes the bytes and converts them into characters and then tokens.

3. How can you find images to add to a Website?
   Use some copyright free websites for images.

4. How do you create a String vs a Number in JavaScript?
   let x = 5; - Number
   let x = "five"; - String

5. What is a Variable and why are they important in JavaScript?
   A variable allows you to store changable values.

## Introduction to HTML

1. What is an HTML attribute?
   HTML attributes are a piece of markup language used to adjust the behavior or display of an HTML element.

2. Describe the Anatomy of an HTML element.
   Opening tag, closing tag, with some content slapped in between.

3. What is the Difference between <article> and <section> element tags?
   A section is the distinct and numbered subdivision. An article is a separate and distinct part of a written instrument.

4. What Elements does a “typical” website include?

   - header: <header>.
   - navigation bar: <nav>.
   - main content: <main>, with various content subsections represented by <article>, <section>, and <div> elements.
   - sidebar: <aside>; often placed inside <main>.
   - footer: <footer>.

5. How does metadata influence Search Engine Optimization?
   Metadata boosts your SEO efforts because it's written in the search engine's language.

6. How is the <meta> HTML tag used when specifying metadata?
   The <meta> tag defines metadata about an HTML document.

## Miscellaneous

1. What is the first step to designing a Website?
   Have a vision of what you want to make first.

2. What is the most important question to answer when designing a Website?
   What exactly do I want to accomplish?

## Semantics

1. Why should you use an <h1> element over a <span> element to display a top level heading?
   By default, most browser's user agent stylesheet will style an h1 with a large font size to make it look like a heading (although you could style it to look like anything you wanted).

2. What are the benefits of using semantic tags in our HTML?
   - Search engines will consider its contents as important keywords.
   - Suggests to the developer the type of data that will be populated.
   - Finding blocks of meaningful code is significantly easier than searching through endless divs with or without semantic or namespaced classes.

## What is JavaScript?

1. Describe 2 things that require JavaScript in the Browser?

   - Adding interactive behavior to web pages like zooming in and out or playing audio/video.
   - Creating games that operate inside the browser.

2. How can you add JavaScript to an HTML document?
   You can embed inline into an HTML with <script>.
